{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\info
{\title Parallax Scrolling Tutorial}
{\doccomm How to create a parallax scrolling effect with jQuery, HTML and CSS}
{\author Richard Shepherd, Smashing Magazine}}\vieww23520\viewh12300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Welcome to BlockChannel  / Twitter: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/richardshepherd"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 @BlockChannel}}/ Web: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 BlockChannel.io\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
GitHub: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/richardshepherd/Parallax-Scrolling/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Fork it here!}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Where Bitcoin meets media, and advocacy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 BlockChannel are big proponents of Bitcoin and the core Blockchain technology that makes it all possible.\
We are dedicated.\
You can find all the HTML, CSS and the all important JavaScript files over at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/richardshepherd/Parallax-Scrolling"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 GitHub}} - so why don't you drop by for some hardcore forking action?\
Backgrounds for this article were taken from the May/June 2011 Smashing Magazine Desktop backgrounds.\
Head back to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://coding.smashingmagazine.com/2011/07/12/behind-the-scenes-of-nike-better-world/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Smashing Magazine}}, or hop on over to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://richardshepherd.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 RichardShepherd.com}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Scrolling Sprites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The next step in your parallax scrolling adventure is to create some sprites!\
I have cut out one of the photos in this background and use it as a sprite. It scrolls at a different speed to the background 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 and
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  the window, and it's this effect that's used so well on Nike Better World and other parallax sites..\
Using too many sprites can slow down older computers, and you need to use some clever maths (and trial & error!) to work out their placement on the page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 HTML5 Video\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.\
Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.\
Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. o.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}